feat: support builtin kernel mods (#1086)
kubernetes-sigs/node-feature-discovery: docs/usage/customization-guide.md

| | |          **`nx_gzip`**                 | bool       | Nest Accelerator GZIP support is enabled
| **`kernel.config`** | attribute |          |            | Kernel configuration options
|                  |              | **`<config-flag>`** | string | Value of the kconfig option

> | **`kernel.loadedmodule`** | flag |         |            | Loaded dynamic kernel modules
> | **`kernel.enabledmodule`** | flag |        |            | All enabled kernel modules, i.e. union of loaded dynamic modules and modules built into the kernel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **`kernel.loadedmodule`** | flag |         |            | Kernel modules loaded on the node as reported by `/proc/modules`
| **`kernel.enabledmodule`** | flag |        |            | Kernel modules loaded on the node and available as built-ins as reported by `modules.builtin`. Does not include any out-of-tree modules that are not loaded.
```

Reviewer 2: Out-of-tree modules are no special in this regard. Also, we report **loaded** and **enabled-by-builtin** modules so it should be kinda evident that we don't list any **disabled** modules so I'd suggest just to drop this _Does not include any out-of-tree modules that are not loaded._ Or then reword it to _Does not include any modules that are not loaded or built into the kernel._ which sounds a bit dumb after the first sentence

Reviewer: > I'd suggest just to drop this

works for me

Reviewer 2: K, so @mythi's suggestion would become

```suggestion
| **`kernel.loadedmodule`** | flag |         |            | Kernel modules loaded on the node as reported by `/proc/modules`
| **`kernel.enabledmodule`** | flag |        |            | Kernel modules loaded on the node and available as built-ins as reported by `modules.builtin`
```

I think this is good.

@AhmedGrati could I ask for this one more change? 😇

Author: Sure, will do it 👍

| **`kernel.config`** | attribute |          |            | Kernel configuration options
|                  |              | **`<config-flag>`** | string | Value of the kconfig option
| **`kernel.loadedmodule`** | flag |         |            | Loaded kernel modules

> | **`kernel.enabledmodule`** | flag |        |            | Builtin and dynamic kernel modules

Reviewer: this documentation does not explain it very well that `enabledmodule` is a superset of `loadedmodule` and what "buildin modules" are

Reviewer 2: Yeah, now that you pointed this out, I agree. Any suggestions how to improve this @mythi? _All enabled kernel modules, i.e. union of loaded dynamic modules and modules built into the kernel_

Reviewer 2: We could also clarify `kernel.loadedmodule` above i.e. with _Loaded dynamic kernel modules_(?)
